Initial DDPPO pointnav baseline (#29)
facebookresearch/habitat-challenge: README.md

1. **Multiple cosmetic/minor changes**: Change in robot embodiment/size, camera resolution, height, and orientation, etc &mdash; to match LoCoBot. 

> 1. **Notes about performance**: We have noticed that turning on the RGB/Depth sensor noise may lead to worse FPS performance. As such, we recommend training with these noises turned off and using them for fine tuning if necessary. This can be down by commenting out the lines that include the key "noise_model" in the config or by overriding these values from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Notes about performance**: We have noticed that turning on the RGB/Depth sensor noise may lead to reduced simulation speed. As such, we recommend initially training with these noises turned off and using them for fine tuning if necessary. This can be done by commenting out the lines that include the key "noise_model" in the config or by overriding these values from the command line.
```

### PointNav DDPPO Baseline

> We have added a config in configs/ddpo_pointnav.yaml that includes a baseline using DDPPO from Habitat-API. To run the code, follow the instructions found [here](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-api/tree/master/habitat_baselines/rl/ddppo). Note you will have to add the following two arguments to any habitat_baselines: TASK_CONFIG.DATASET.SPLIT 'train' to ensure it loads the training split from the challenge config.

Reviewer 2: That would be great to provide clear steps and command lines what needed to run the training and submit the baseline.

1. **Multiple cosmetic/minor changes**: Change in robot embodiment/size, camera resolution, height, and orientation, etc &mdash; to match LoCoBot. 

### PointNav DD-PPO Baseline Starter Code
We have added a config in configs/ddpo_pointnav.yaml that includes a baseline using DDPPO from Habitat-API. 

1. Install the [Habitat-Sim](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim/) and [Habitat-API](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-api/) packages. Also ensure that habitat-baselines is installed when installing Habitat-API by installing it with ```python setup.py develop --all```

1. Download the Gibson dataset following the instructions [here](https://github.com/StanfordVL/GibsonEnv#database). After downloading extract the dataset to folder `habitat-challenge/habitat-challenge-data/data/scene_datasets/gibson/` folder (this folder should contain the `.glb` files from gibson). Note that the `habitat-api` folder is the [habitat-api](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-api/) repository folder. The data also needs to be be in the habitat-challenge-data/ in this repository.

> 1. Download the dataset for Gibson pointnav from [link](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/habitat/data/datasets/pointnav/gibson/v2/pointnav_gibson_v2.zip) and place it in the folder `habitat-challenge/habitat-challenge-data/data/datasets/pointnav/gibson`. If placed correctly, you should have the train and val splits at `habitat-challenge/habitat-challenge-data/data/datasets/pointnav/gibson/v2/train/` and `habitat-challenge/habitat-challenge-data/data/datasets/pointnav/gibson/v2/val/` respectively. Place Gibson scenes downloaded in step-4 of local-evaluation under the `habitat-challenge/habitat-challenge-data/data/scene_datasets` folder. If you have already downloaded thes files for the habitat-api repo, you may simply symlink them using `ln -s $PATH_TO_SCENE_DATASETS habitat-challenge-data/data/scene_datasets` (if on OSX or Linux).

Reviewer: We will need a note about symlinks and docker.  People will need to modify the `test_locally_pointnav_rgbd.sh` script to also mount the linked-to folder in the docker container.
